Paul
Sodipe
Machine Learning Engineer

67 Ifelodun Street
Lagos, Nigeria
08101667854
sodipepaul@gmail.com

ㅡ
Summary

ㅡ
Skills and Softwares

Python (including libraries such as NumPy, Pandas, and Scikit-learn),  SQL, C++, Java; Supervised and unsupervised learning, regression, classification, clustering, feature engineering, model evaluation, ensemble methods, and deep learning; TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch; Model deployment, containerization (Docker), version control (Git), continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD), model monitoring, cloud platforms (AWS, Google Cloud, Azure); Hypothesis testing, A/B testing, regression analysis, time series analysis.
ㅡ
Experience

Self-Employed / Machine Learning Engineer
OCT 2021 -Present

Kaggle / Kaggle Contributor
OCT 2021 -Present

Ivy / Open Source Contributor
JULY 2023 - Present

Hamoye / Data Science Intern
JUNE 2022 - OCT 2022

ㅡ
Education

University of Ilorin / B.Sc. Mathematics
DEC. 2022
Relevant Coursework: Advanced Calculus, Linear Algebra, Probability Theory, Mathematical Statistics, Numerical Methods, Discrete Mathematics.
Academic Achievements: Graduated with honours (GPA: 4.16) in the Mathematics program.
Final Year Project: Mathematical Modelling of Ebola Virus Disease
Conducted an in-depth study on the spread and impact of the Ebola virus using mathematical modelling techniques.
Developed mathematical models to simulate and analyze the spread of the disease under different scenarios.
ㅡ
Certifications 

IBM Data Science Professional Certificate 

TensorFlow Developer Certificate

ㅡ
Published Articles

 TFrecords (Part 1): Converting a DataSet into tfrecord files

 TFrecords (Part 2): Reading and training models with tfrecords.

 Reinforcement Learning with Human Feedback 

ㅡ
Projects

WhatsApp Chat Analyser
This app takes exported chat data from Whatsapp and runs an analysis on it. Showing useful information like who texted the most, the most active data, and so on. The app was developed using Streamlit and has a strong emphasis on easy-to-understand data visualization


