We’re a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.


At Glovo, you’ll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives… all while having fun!


We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. It's because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds.


In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: she/her/hers, he/him/his, they/them/theirs, etc).


Your Work-life Opportunity


As Head of Brand Marketing Services, you will be part of the Brand Marketing team, which provides a suite of services designed to help Glovo's most strategic CPG brands from Ivory Coast, Nigeria and Ghana. Your priority will be to work backwards from the customer, identifying inputs to grow all brands and improve their performance. You will do this while facilitating great business relationships and ensuring brands’ satisfaction with the service. You will also be responsible for a team of Brand Marketing Associates.


Be a Part Of a Team Where You Will


Build up and grow partnerships with key strategic partners within banking, financial institutions, telcos, FMCG and retail industries.
Work together with your team to ensure their growth and development. 
Lead the research, identification, prioritisation and execution of new partnership opportunities to help us achieve increased brand awareness, new customers and as well as revenue
Partner internally with key functions (Groceries, Food, BI, CRM…) to contribute to the definition of priorities and operational goals according to the brands’ needs.
Define joint business plans and assist in delivering impact for the brands you support.
Regularly audit metrics to continually analyze the progress and make sure targets are reached and new opportunities are identified across verticals & countries.
Contribute to continuous enhancement and innovation.
Business Advice: Providing business advice based on deep analysis and reporting, to identify areas of opportunities
Selection: Helping grow the selection of products by managing the launch of new products and improving product assortment
Marketing campaigns: Work on initiatives and assets to generate traffic by supporting the development, execution of marketing campaigns inside Glovo.
Review and analyse performance of partnerships after each campaign and advise opportunities for improvements & further developments.


You Have


Bachelor’s/Master’s degree in management, business administration, engineering, marketing
6+ years of professional experience in the field
Strong analytical skills
Planning, prioritization and time-management skills
Ability to sale at scale and communicate efficiently both internally and externally
Excellent written and spoken English
Ability to learn new systems and tools quickly
Tenacity to develop ideas independently and thrive in a fast-paced start-up environment
Familiarity with the marketing mix is required - i.e how and when to leverage different marketing channels for strategic partnerships.
Excellent knowledge of the market, CPG Brands and their products and deep understanding of consumer insights.


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you don't meet 100% of the requirements we would love to hear from you!


Experience Our Glovo Life Benefits


Top-notch private health insurance 
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders! 
Discounted gym memberships 
Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time) 


What You’ll Find When Working At Glovo


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!


Wanna take a peek into what it's like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https://about.glovoapp.com/